Plotting Recipe for data on S2 and H2 (#245)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/manifolds/hyperbolic.md

Order = [:type, :function]
```

### [Visualization of the Hyperboloid](@id hyperboloid_plot)

For the case of [`Hyperbolic`](@ref)`(2)` there is a plotting available based on a [PlottingRecipe](https://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/recipes/) you can easily plot points, connecting geodesics as well as tangent vectors.

!!! note
    The recipes are only loaded if [Plots.jl](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/) or
    [RecipesBase.jl](http://juliaplots.org/RecipesBase.jl/stable/) is loaded.

If we consider a set of points, we can first plot these and their connecting

> geodesics using the `geodesic_interpolation` For the points. This variable specifies with how many points a geodesic between two successive points is sampled (per default it's `-1`, which deactivates geodesics) and the line style is set to be a path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
geodesics using the `geodesic_interpolation` for the points. This variable specifies with how many points a geodesic between two successive points is sampled (per default it's `-1`, which deactivates geodesics) and the line style is set to be a path.
```

> In general you can plot the surface of the hyperboloid either as wireframe (`wireframe=true`) additionally specifying `wires` (or `wires_x` and `wires_y`) for more precision and a `wireframe_color`. The same holds for the plot as a `surface` (which is `false` by default) and its `surface_resolution` (or `surface_resolution_x` or `surface_resolution_y`) and a `surface_color`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general you can plot the surface of the hyperboloid either as wireframe (`wireframe=true`) additionally specifying `wires` (or `wires_x` and `wires_y`) to change the density of wires and a `wireframe_color`. The same holds for the plot as a `surface` (which is `false` by default) and its `surface_resolution` (or `surface_resolution_x` or `surface_resolution_y`) and a `surface_color`.
```
Is my change correct?

```@example hyperboloid
using Manifolds, Plots
M = Hyperbolic(2)
pts =  [ [0.85*cos(φ), 0.85*sin(φ), sqrt(0.85^2+1)] for φ ∈ range(0,2π,length=11) ]
scene = plot(M, pts; geodesic_interpolation=100)
```

> To just plot the points atop, we can just omit the `geodesic_interpolation` parameter to obtain a scatter plot. NOte that we avoid redrawing the wireframe in the following `plot!`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To just plot the points atop, we can just omit the `geodesic_interpolation` parameter to obtain a scatter plot. Note that we avoid redrawing the wireframe in the following `plot!` calls.
```

```@example hyperboloid
plot!(scene, M, pts; wireframe=false)
```

> We can further generate tangent vectors in these spaces and use a plot for there. Keep in mind, that a tangent vector in plotting always requires its base point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can further generate tangent vectors in these spaces and use a plot for there. Keep in mind that a tangent vector in plotting always requires its base point.
```
